The licensing of this project is somewhat complex due to the nature of it. As a 
mod, the terms of the Unreal Tournament 2004 EULA apply to it first and 
foremost, overriding any local licenses used by individual mods if they are in 
conflict. This creates an issue, since even though the UT2004 EULA is pretty 
lax, it does include a clause that forbids any commercial exploitation of any 
mods without explicit consent from Epic Games. This makes it so that all mods 
by definition cannot be Free Software as defined by the Free Software 
Foundation.

However, it is my intention to release the code under a copy-left license, and 
one designed to address source code. Therefore I hereby license all the code in 
this project under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License version 
3, or any later version, with the exception that the code cannot be 
commercially exploited in any way without prior consent of Epic Games.

This effectively means that the license used here is not a Free Software 
License as far as external programs go. However, in terms of other mods for 
Unreal Tournament 2004, there is very little difference, as they are also bound 
by the UT2004 EULA. All other rights granted by the LGPL apply to this software 
and its derivatives, as written in the body of the license.

See the included file, LGPL3.TXT, for the terms of the GNU Lesser General 
Public License version 3, and GPL3.TXT, for the terms of the GNU General Public 
License version 3.

This package also contains some other non-code resources, such as textures. 
They are licensed under the terms of the Unreal Tournament 2004 EULA, 
specifically section 11.(c).

In order to have a fully-working version of the mod, you also need to use 
resources from the UTXMP project. These resources also fall under either the 
UT2004 EULA itself, or, if copyright by Free Monkey Interactive, under the 
license that UTXMP is distributed.

The mod also uses code from the Unreal Tournament Expanded Multiplayer (UTXMP) 
project. Special terms may or may not apply to files that use such code. 
Unfortunately, Free Monkey Interactive did not specify a specific license for 
its code, and is now defunct. Much of it falls under the UT2004 EULA, however.

Other non-code text resources, such as this text or the README.TXT file, unless 
stated otherwise, are licensed under the GNU All-Permissive License. Its text 
follows:

Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
notice and this notice are preserved.  This file is offered as-is,
without any warranty.

Copyright (c) 2008-2011, 2013 Dainius "GreatEmerald" MasiliÅ«nas